Added callout about failed builds (#360)
carpentries-incubator/python-intermediate-development: README.md

Current maintainers of this lesson (in alphabetical order) are:

> * [Matthew Bluteau][matthew-bluteau] - Lead Maintainer for the period 1 May 2024 - 30 April 2024

Reviewer: Probably should be until end-October 2024?

```suggestion
* [Matthew Bluteau][matthew-bluteau] - Lead Maintainer for the period 1 May 2024 - 31 October 2024
```
